see that lightning Crocs have
well-developed senses of hearing and
smell and can also pick up vibrations of
struggling prey in the water let's see
if they'll sense my fish bait this is
absolutely extraordinary
there's a massive American crocodile
just zeroing in on my bait and it's just
the creepiest thing with thunder and
lightning going off in the distance and
just seeing this dark hulking
prehistoric form just closing in on our
fish you want to fall into the water now
see that lightning
to explain that there's no hook on this
line just a piece of fish Tyler for a
rope so there's no way that it can hurt
the croc if it decides to go for it in
actual fact all he's gonna get is a free
meal
it might get him to come closer for us
come on old boy pop up and let us ever
look at you it seems we've been staring
out into the darkness all night and
still no sign of our giant croc where is
he he's right by us
he's huge that is incredible that must
be three meters now that is a big croc
he's turned towards us it's just there
got it
he's got the fish he's got the fish come
on there big fella
come on it's getting a Kiki
whoa that's some strength look at that
Oh slipping around in the Riverside mud
you can see why Crocs are so deadly
even when I'm out of the water on the
riverbank he still has the upper hand
just when I think my job can't get any
weirder I end up fishing for Crocs and
an electrical storm Magnus
here's the master these murky waters you
fell in their last five minutes
though the American crocodile is
primarily a fish feeder a big croc like
this could easily take decent-sized
mammal pray or chug back a huge fish in
one gulp just that's not just one of the
most deadly predators in Costa Rica
that's one of the most deadly predators
in the world
our last fish this is our last chance
for an encounter with this magnificent
living dinosaur so he doesn't take it
straight away
there is
Oh strong because the tail is
paddle-shaped
it gives them great power through the
water when they need it isn't often
because most of the time is spent almost
motionless effortless just effortless
you